Update PR template (#1075)
PyO3/pyo3: .github/pull_request_template.md

Thank you for contributing to pyo3!

Please consider adding the following to your pull request:
 - an entry in CHANGELOG.md
 - docs to all new functions and / or detail in the guide
 - tests for all new or changed functions

Be aware our the CI pipeline will check your pull request for the following:

>  - Rust tests (`cargo test`)
>  - Rust lints (`cargo clippy --all -- -Dwarnings`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Rust tests (Just `cargo test` or `make test` if you need to test examples)
 - Rust lints (`make clippy`)
```

 - Rust formatting (`cargo fmt`)

>  - Python formatting (`black --check`. You can install black with `pip install black`)

Reviewer: black requires path

```suggestion
 - Python formatting (`black . --check`. You can install black with `pip install black`)
```
